Party: Conservative Party of Canada
Pulled At: 2026-04-02T16:29:34+00:00
URL: https://www.conservative.ca/pierre-poilievre
Title: Pierre Poilievre - Conservative Party of Canada

TEAM
ABOUT US
NEWS
MERCH
Volunteer
Join
Donate
FR
TEAM
Pierre Poilievre
Shadow Cabinet
Your Conservative MPs
National Council
EDAs
ABOUT US
Governing Documents
NEWS
VOLUNTEER
JOIN
MERCH
PIERRE POILIEVRE
LEADER OF THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY OF CANADA
Keep up with Pierre

First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Mobile*
GET UPDATES

Pierre Poilievre grew up in Alberta as the adopted son of two schoolteachers. He lives in Ottawa with his wife Anaida and their children, Valentina and Cruz.

As a Member of Parliament and former Minister, he helped the previous Conservative government cut taxes, balance budgets, deliver affordable homes and crack down on crime and corruption.

He shepherded the Accountability Act through the House of Commons to protect taxpayers from waste, fraud and corruption. When he was Housing Minister, the average home cost $450,000 and the average one-bedroom rent was just $970. People could afford homes in safe neighbourhoods and good food on their table.

As Vice-Chair of the Commons Finance Committee, he was the first major voice in Parliament to warn that massive money-printing deficits would lead to inflation, while Mark Carney wrongly predicted prices would go down. Pierre also led the charge against the carbon tax, toughening laws to fight crime, banning drugs and unlocking resources. Liberals who demonized him for these principled stands have now all agreed he was right and claim to agree with him.

In the most recent election, he got more votes than any Conservative leader in our history, the largest share of votes since 1988, adding 2.5 million more votes and 25 more seats than the prior election, all with major gains among youth and working people.

But he has only begun. After Liberals doubled housing costs, inflated food prices and unleashed crime on our streets, Pierre is fighting back. His purpose is a Canada with strong take-home pay, safe streets and secure borders in a self-reliant country.

Follow The Conservative Party
CONTACT US
1-866-808-8407
MEMBERSHIP CHECK
EVENTS
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
Signup for Updates
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Mobile*
GET UPDATES

© Copyright 2026. Authorized by the Chief Agent of the Conservative Party of Canada. View our privacy policy.
